date: September 12, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [kylescho, markabid, swilser, erselig, cwang39]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: Abducted by aliens 15 minutes before meeting}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: kylescho, progress: Setup apache on the development server. A static site is now live on UB's network},
  {ubit: markabid, progress: Installed MySQL and setup accounts for the team.},
  {ubit: swilser, progress: None},
  {ubit: erselig, progress: Completed AJAX functions for user to upload files to the server.},
  {ubit: cwang39, progress: None},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  The group is considering a switch from Django to Ruby on Rails. Deliberations will continue.
  TA suggested moving sensitive computation from the browser/client to the server for improved security.